fried chicken breast with morel sauce
chicken is the nation's favorite meat
we've roasted it
we stir-fried it we've carried it this
is a new dimension so with a wonderful
rich morel sauce just leave all goes in
the pan get your cloth I just Pat it dry
that gets rid of any excess moisture
therefore when it goes in the pan it
doesn't spit at you seasoned skin side
down into the pan garlic
time knob of butter in
straight into the other eight to ten
minutes hundred and eighty degrees Morel
saw and the most important thing about
these driver else's you just add boiling
water it rehydrates the mushroom then
there's an added bonus you got your own
mushroom stock drain off and mushroom we
into the pan
chillax
garlic
time
especially white wine white wine started
to sweeten it up mushroom stock
reduce
crane
bring out to the ball and literally just
cook it one minute and the secret now is
to pass the sauce through the sieve get
your ladle and just push wonderful color
not too thick and full of flavor
asparagus
there is season and it's British cut off
the bottom part of the spear
that's the wooden part go throw it when
great for stocks and great for soups
first when we cook them from Raw on a
griddle pan olive oil
especially our mushrooms just cut them
into halves so to the mushroom hot olive
oil fresh thyme and finish at the very
end the touch of butter
we're ready to serve
start from the top and just slice in
half I fresh morel mushrooms sauce over
goodbye stir-fry
goodbye roast chicken no more curries
that's British at his best
pan fried chicken with morel sauce done